feat(changelog): apple-silicon-added-mac-mini-m4-now-available 2025-01-27 (#4294)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/january2025/2025-01-27-apple-silicon-added-mac-mini-m4-now-available.mdx

---
title: Mac mini M4 now available!
status: added
author:

>     fullname: 'Join the #[xxx] channel on Slack.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fullname: 'Join the #apple-silicon channel on Slack.'
```

    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2025-01-27
category: bare-metal
product: apple-silicon
---

> The M4-S are ready to order on PAR-1 at €0.22/hour!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apple silicon M4-S have arrived in PAR-1: Experience the future of computing, priced at €0.22/hour"
```

Here is their configuration:
- 10 CPU cores
- 10 GPU cores
- 16GB of RAM
- 256GB of storage
- and all the latest innovations from Apple.

> For more details: https://www.scaleway.com/en/mac-mini-m4/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details and to get started, visit [Scaleway's Mac mini M4 product page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/mac-mini-m4).
```
